Adding information mentioned on issue #5352 (#5388)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-cert-whfb-settings-adfs.md

The Windows Hello for Business group provides the AD FS service with the permissions needed to enroll a Windows Hello for Business authentication certificate on behalf of the provisioning user.

> [!TIP]

> > The account adfssvc is the ADFS Service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The adfssvc account is the AD FS service account.
```

Sign-in a domain controller or management workstation with _Domain Admin_ equivalent credentials.

1. Open **Active Directory Users and Computers**.
2. Click the **Users** container in the navigation pane.
3. Right-click **Windows Hello for Business Users** group
4. Click the **Members** tab and click **Add**

> 5. In the **Enter the object names to select** text box, type **adfssvc** or substitute the name of the ADFS Service account in your ADFS deployment.  Click **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the **Enter the object names to select** text box, type **adfssvc** or substitute the name of the AD FS service account in your AD FS deployment.  Click **OK**.
```
